⎕FMT, ⎕TRAP, ⎕UCS: special control chars NEED to be uppercase (#965)
Dyalog/documentation: language-reference-guide/docs/system-functions/trap.md

|`N`|Next|The event is excluded from the current `⎕TRAP` definition.  The search will continue through further localised definitions of `⎕TRAP` .|
|`S`|Stop|Stops the search and causes the normal APL action to be taken in the environment in which the event occurred.|

> !!! Warning "Warning"

Reviewer: This does not need to be an admonition, and especially not a warning (not using upper case just generates an error message) – convert into a sentence instead.

>     Note, the ACTION codes must be specified in upper case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The action codes are case-sensitive and must be specified in upper case.
```
